2 to 1
it's a trap put the mine aside the
question is to which the cow lady is for
the left or the right and
questions to the cow
Excuse me, sir, according to my nose, the well
it's useful there's a corpse rotting
inside
it's very simple the dead do not touch
people need water
this is different from the last time you
I saw clearly I'm dressed
you want rope I know where you can
find let's get our friend out
of the well are nations
that does not give me orders
you have someone waiting for you in some
site female friends is not total no
tell the whores do not count
you spend so much time here that you
Forget what real life is like
forget about what has happened and what
it's going to happen that could be worse
no no no no
you have rope rope like
here
do not get in trouble
ah
and it's perfect